
# Stock Price Movement Prediction System

The Stock Price Prediction System seamlessly integrates data retrieval, prediction modeling, and dashboard visualization to provide users with accurate insights into stock market trends and potential price movements. Utilizing advanced LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) model, the system predicts future stock prices, and presents predictions through an interactive dashboard built with Dash and Plotly. Users can effortlessly select a stock and date for prediction, visualize actual and predicted stock prices, and gain actionable insights for informed investment decisions. Whether for individual investors, financial analysts, or trading professionals, this system serves as a valuable tool for navigating the complexities of the stock market landscape.


## Demo

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1zSPPqp0t_w8Xwk8UWZfmv9ZZwpflc2NY/view?usp=sharing


## Installation

Follow the installation steps below to run the project in your macine:

1. Clone the repository and enter the directory which has the python files.
```bash
  git clone "repo_url"
  cd stock_pred
```
2. Install all the python libraries with their respective versions.
```bash
  pip install -r requirements. txt
```
3. Navigate and run dashboard.py file. Wait a few seconds and then ctrl + click on URL in "Dash is running on: {URL}" in the terminal.
    
## Future Developments
The Stock Price Prediction System is an ongoing project with plans for further enhancements and developments. Future updates will include the addition of various index stocks such as Nifty 100, Nifty Bank, and more, providing users with a broader spectrum for market analysis and trading opportunities. Additionally, efforts will be made to continuously improve the accuracy and effectiveness of the prediction models so that in the near future it can better serve the needs of investors and traders.
## Disclaimer

The predictions generated by the system are based on historical data and machine learning algorithms, and there is no guarantee of accuracy or reliability as the stock market is inherently unpredictable. I, as the developer, shall not be held liable or responsible for any financial losses incurred by users while trading or investing based on the information provided by the predictor app. 

